Update doc examples feature extractor -> image processor (#20501)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/task_summary.mdx

> The general process for using a model and feature extractor for image classification is:

Author: ```suggestion
The general process for using a model and image processor for image classification is:
```

> 1. Instantiate an image processor and a model from the checkpoint name.

Reviewer: One line above should be

```
The general process for using a model and an image processor for image classification is:
```

Author: Yep, good catch.
